
intro:
I will keep the intro brief as mostly i tend to skip these when i read books.

This document will be a full account of my experiences with understanding the nature of reality and myself. At the time of writing this i am 25 and pretty lost. My previous history is not useful.

The words I write will not be modified or edited in any way and will serve as a true transcription of my state of consciousness. I will edit throughout the day but once the day finishes i will not edit. I may add 'additions' after the fact which i will also date. 

The intention of this book is to provide someone similar to myself with a REAL account of trying out different practises in order to arouse understanding. I hope that it may be useful.


2202
i will have an overall intention regarding exploring the nature of consciousness that provides a target to aim energy at and to drive towards. The daily intention will take into account how i fell and the best use i could make of the day given this in order to make progress to the main goal.

overall intention: what is the nature of consciousness?
daily intention: to arouse focus and structure so as to create momentum for doing deep journeying into the unconscious. This is because i feel i have blockages or repressions that are impacting my behaviour in waking life, specifically regarding attraction to men (learned this was wrong from a young age, i experience this attraction but wont allow to feel it fully because it does not align with my current self image), shame (there is something specifically and uniquely wrong with me), low self esteem (believing i am small and worse than another), fear (not standing / showing up for what i believe is true despite outward surroundings)

-
current morning routine with reasoning (will notify on updates to this if i change on the day):

dream diary (DD) / impressions - bring awareness to unconscious activity

short silent meditation - good opportunity to dwell in emptiness

alternate nostril breathing - balance energy flow - https://swamij.com/breath.htm#alternate (this site is amazing)

sun salutations till feels good - stretch physical body and get energy flowing

wim hof breathing - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tybOi4hjZFQ - increase energy intensity and clear stagnant energy

lesser banishing invocation ritual - direct and ground energy 

focus on intention - what is consciousness?

short nature run - sunlight, inspiration, dopamine, think about daily intention.
-


DD
No memory.
Clown, river, fish, seed, orange, guilt, yellow

-
daily activity:
here i will document any interesting occurances, thoughts and ideas that happened throughout the day

doing my classic routine of creating a roadmap and opening 10 new books. (mostly about magic rituals and methods to access the unconscious)
Right now I am reading hellenistic tantra which provides a good synthesis of theurgy and tantra.
I also have open caldean oracles with the intention of adding rituals into my daily routine.
Reading through 'living thelema' sections on how to create an effective ritual
Book 4 by alestair crowley will be my focus for now as the recommended reading list he has aligns with my own experience of powerful texts. (tao te ching, siva samvita, hatha yoga pradibika, raja yoga).
I just realised I am effectively an intelligence that is looking to complete a goal, not so different from a prompted chatbot.. 
-



Evening practise notes:
action: performed LBR, goetia spell, talked to angel gabriel, sung a hymn and danced, 7 repetitions of iamblichus spell.

during the iamblichus spell what stood out was 'your not ready'. it felt like i could sense the place this face being said from and it felt sharp and crisp, strong like a sword. yet at the same time not defensive. it has to do nothing at all and you must yield because you are so overrwhelemed by it. to not be overwhelmed by it is to miss it. such is the light. I am ready and I realise now that I am the one with power here in the same way the angels have power. I am not sure if I have more or less but in any case it feels strong and I know it can be put to good use with guidance. I feel power. I feel how fear corrupts power by scattering the raw force, the raw channel of light animating my being. I feel how it clogs up my pores like black spongy tar and I keep shoving more in, annihilating my soul into the darkest depths of existence. 

Angel Gabriel

I am considering what if I am actually not ready? I will not cast that spell again and instead invoke angel gabriel and look for guidance

Its 2am and I can't sleep. I am getting into skinners greco egyptian magic book and think i will look at this instead of crowleys. skimmed through it all and its too advanced. I skimmed through crowley and i also do not want to continue this. The book 'living thelema' seems to be what I have been looking for, practical rituals without the bs. 





Ideas:
I will collate these in a separate document to keep track
Birth chart predictive study

I tried to use Ai to conduct a study on the birth charts of famous people to see if there were any patterns. I asked grok 3 to analyse 50 male gemini moon taurus sun males to highlight commonalities. It wasn't a useful study. But I think there is potential to see if there is any reality to astrology using ai. maybe we can create a predictive model that uses the birth chart as input and tries to correctly guess the output (career, character type)

Trading algorithm

Visually analyses charts and compares against typical manipulation patterns and assesses whether there is a favourable trade on.

Harmony Camp

A game incorporating Ai npc and user creativity. The user builds structures of sound and the npc react to it. The user builds a world and leaves his legacy through the behaviour and actions of the community.


-
evening routine:
tidy up 

lesser banishing ritual - clear energy

candle confession - light candle and see what comes out - meditate / scream / dance / chant - emotional release, be intimate with yourself and allow yourself to truly feel whatever

elongated diaphragm breathing - https://swamij.com/breath.htm#elongating - in corpse position and without moving physical body, use the breath in order to get more subtle access to bodily sensation. feel for tension in the face and stomach and release then relax. keep deepening the breath and return to it from thoughts. keep scanning the body until you get something that feels different from a thought. e.g. a memory of a dream, a vision, an image of something, anything that is not from your ordinary stream of thought. Begin the dialogue process with this image. e.g. why is this being shown, what feelings does this evoke, what other images does this remind me of. faciliate this process of dialogue by remaining open and curious. Use impressions from the candle session if you are getting distracted. tune in. 

the previous process is akin to active imagination - journeying into the unconscious. Jung / shamanic journeying for further research. i think its best to feel it out for yourself as the whole point is to be open and not forcing the experience to become anything. 

astral projection - have the intention to project. i will update this part with method but i dont want to overwhelm myself for now and will focus on remaining open and not forcing.
-

2302
Intention: To understand the nature of consciousness
Daily intention: To create a good foundation by steadying the mind and understand the basics of magical training

I could not sleep last night and so i ended up reading more magic books. I was super tired so i didnt retain much of the information so it wasnt that useful. I woke up at 4pm and did the 'morning' routine.

DD - no memory. wrote down 'climb theurgy' twice and then some scribbled text i cant make out. more consciously i wrote down stablise your mind. I tried to astral project using the rope method as outlined in astral dynamics but no avail.

My goal today is to enlighten myself about magical basic training and the rituals i should be performing and why.  I will create a document that outlines the path. I will obviously create my own system based on the principles of others. I think I will take theurgy as the primary source and supplement with buddhist tibetan tantra and thelema.

I am researching alchemy and realising this is primary tradition for even tantra and each culture has their own version. I am using chatgpt to create a synthesis of practises.

My will and true will are not separate. That which happens is divinely orchestrated and leads me closer to divine union. 

I exhale my false conceptions and inhale pure light. I exhale my darkness and inhale the clarity of wisdom.

The knowledge I need is present now. Nestled in the bosom of my shadow, ensnared in psychic defense, in self sabotage. Like a magnet I am repelled by the shadow yet it is the one place I must dwell in.

I want to set this up as a blog, perhaps when i get bored. (never going to happen)

Jung - True transformation involves facing the parts of ourselves we often deny. Jung’s advice can be summarized as follows: to engage with the shadow courageously through dialogue, active imagination, and symbolic interpretation, thereby transmuting its energies into a source of creativity and wholeness.

I have been researching universities in europe to study physics. I want to do this mostly becuase i am interested in it but also may provide career opportunities. although i will be 30 with no experience which doesnt sound very good. I could just self study it and then try and work with ai. yes lets do that! This just saved me so much time hah. i just want to study quantum computing to be honest so feels like a waste to do 3 years of general physics... LOL never mind i am going to study physics :))) i want to have an interesteing 30 years and not some shit finance career.

I am going to put together a library of the books i have collected.


24/02
Intention: To understand the nature of consciousness
Daily intention: To collate all the magic stuff I have looked at as well as all previous roadmaps and condense into one final roadmap!

dd - talk really hot girl at end, rly genuine connection, plafyful. Im in this like camp place with meldon, lots of socialising. 'Im an artistic taurus' maybe can feel presence of innocence, feel unafraid, evil is you seeing what they want you to see (while they consciously hold certain parts back, thus maintiaining a sense of leverage or power)

I have been up all night finding an apartment in bangkok for the next two months and researching physics degrees. I am going to study in leipzig germany. It starts in september so until then I will start playing about with python more, creating projects and also working on my calculus and reading papers.

Skimming through electrical christianity and I like the idea that we are essentailly electrical conductors. We can use our in breaths as a positive charge and outbreath as negative. Our electrical resonance is our aura and thus is our ability to affect the particles around us. This is a magicians world. I would like to come up with a system of magic grounded in science. Borrowing from alchemical philosophy. Integrating chakra theory and kundalini yoga.

I have been finding apartments to stay at during summer. I also watched porn and ejaculated which is annoying. 

Looks like I cant trust myself with Porn or Cigarettes so these must leave my life ( I really want a cigarette)

I am still looking at apartments, my sleep schedule is fucked... But I found a nice place in Macedonia by a lake where I can go deep for a few months. Its called Ohrid and there are 300+ churches and monasteries in the area. It looks incredibly beautiful and I really would like to buy a property there asap to be honest.

I am definitely very selfish and self absorbed to the point where i do not see it for myself. I also just dont really care because I am living true to myself and honestly i couldnt really give a fuck about whats happening in your life as much as i do mine. What i do care about is how you approach and what you are expressing with your being and this is something that i have been neglecting within myself, being stiff, rigid, paranoid and generally closed off.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzjrl24aHiQ - great talk 

25/02
intention: to understand the nature of consciousness
daily intetions: to start working on new project regarding experimental trading algorithms

Update: I am no longer doing a physics degree. I will be trying to get into a neuroscience masters. If not that then data science. This is definitely possible. I just need to build and ship projects so I can prove my knowledge.

I am now on a neuroscience track rather than physics which feels better. The free energy principle is the notion that cognitive systems try to minimise the uncertainty in the environment around them. Thus they consistently update their internal model in order to try and match what is going on externally.

I have not done the daily routine today. Instead I am absorbed in the workflow which is the ultimate efficiency, pure work.

I like the intersection of ML, Neuroscience, Quantum Computing and Trading. We can use ML techniques to implement behavioural theory and quantum methodology in order to come up with innovative prediction methods.

Also thinking whether harry potter is an alchemical story. Is alchemy the basis of everything in this reality?

Im realising it actually is about unlearning which is difficult because its hard to see what assumptions you are bringning with you because it is involved in the very shaping of your experience. e.g. its 1am. This has emotional overtones that i assume are true, e.g. 5 hours till i can get a sandwich, its pretty late and im tired etc, all these result in an emotional perception of 1 am that is different from the reality of 1am (construct) thus 1am exists only as a construct diffused with the reaction of the conscious beings data to what 1am takes hold of within them. This is how the shadow works perhaps. When i see a gay person it illuminates that shame within my and i want to lash out and protect, to run to turn. Thus in this framework what we see in the world is a projection of an internal model, like a unique headset running on genetics and emotional responses stored in the body.

I think some good advice for me is to stop consuming all together. Instead of consuming, Listen, connect with feelings, connect with divine inspiration, connect with prayer, connect current circumstance with the true will and how it is empowering it. This aligns well with tantric practise and momentum towards the goal. It alchemises the moment into fuel for the will.

Our desire is insatiable and thats a hard thing to comprehend. When you get more money you shift the goalposts on what you need to make you happy. e.g. if i had 100k i would be worried about buying a house, getting a dog etc but because i have no money those arent even an option so by default they cant make me upset. my desire for them does not exist. thus i am neither sad nor happy. but if i had unlimited money i may be in a perpetual state of desiring and opportunity cost. all the while someone without any agency may be happier because they are not even thinking about it. 

ok i have been working on a research prooject i can use in order for masters proposal in various masters degrees. I aim to complete this as fast as possible lol i think i can do it in a month with hyperfocus. after 1 month i will start boxing and be a little more social before the stag. then after the stag i will see. perhaps more research!

neuronal dynamics + neuromatch when stuck


26/02
Intention: to understand the nature of consciousness
Daily intention: to progress my research, to find an apartment

not much to report, some travelling to thailand and been engrossed in my project. Im thinking if i can do lots of research in complexity then we can accidently get some useful results.

28/02
intention: to understand the nature of consciousness
ok pretty wild couple of days, i wasnt sleep deprived today and randomly met up with some cool philosophers. one was a hare krishna, one a jesus, one a rogue (quite hot). hari krishna and i talked about astral travel and many other things for a while. it was amazing to get his insight, someone who has been chanting it for 20 years. he said that you chant the mantra and your problems are solved. the way i see it is that he still has problems but people are kind. he provides kindness and spiritual advice and people provide him food. in a way he has the hardest job. he spoke of the importance of a guru and lineage to pass down proper spiritual knowledge. It made me really want a guru. I suppose I may as well act and live as if I had a guru anyway...

on this day i vow:

to not purchase and consume animals - its ok if eating at someones house
to not drink alcohol
to not smoke a cigarette (apart from when i am drinking alcohol)
to not view porn
I will keep having coffee for now

i feel god has spoken to me today. thank you god

ok i have decided to eat meat during these months because it is easier. perhaps selfish but oh well

02/03

intention: to understand the nature of consciousness
daily intention: to make purposeful steps towards the current project and actually learn and document what i am doing along the way. the purpose of this is to learn and demonstrate my ability in understanding coding and neuroscience theory

currently working on project, is going well, found acheap place to eat and getting a routine in place for the next month:


4 am wake up - astral projection

8 am wake up - jog - breathe - stretch -  be - read - write - sprints -

9:45 am - leave for boxing

11:30 am shower - lunch (random) - deep work at mcdonalds

5:45 pm dinner (28) 

7pm boxing

8:30pm - shower - work until 11pm at starbucks

11pm just full body breathe and die


Read  the physics of angels!

Listening to hancock and sheldrake im realising that most of us do not live in reality. we live in a social hallucination where any deviation from this results in fear. we actually trap eachother by our own reactions to ourselves. for example, me feeling fear about my sexuality projects outwards and rejects other people expressing themselves. my inhibiting of my own expression projects and condemns others for expressing themselves. thus my attitude toward myself IS my attitude towards others. therefore by freeing myself i free others :)

now we will relax and die by expanding the breath through the whole body, specifically breathing through our crown, third eye, heart, belly and root as the vortexes. we will let this breath carry us out of our body

3/03

Intention: To understand the nature of consciousness
Daily intention: To get a working backtesting framework going that produces working strategies

I would love to do independent studies on monks, even long term studies

4/03

My life is a joke.

I have just lost all my money in crypto.

I will be going back to cleaning toilets, I will NOT move home under any circumstances.

My only intention: To understand the nature of consciousness
No matter what happens, this is my singular goal, may I lose all my belongings, my family, my friends, this is the most important thing to me and I will not sacrifice it for anything. Keep your movies, keep your luxury, I want to live my souls purpose. I do not want children. I do not need sex. Perhaps I will be a monk. My perception is grounded in privilege. The way I view anyone is shaped by my society and not truth. Racism is ingrained into the world.

I am not afraid for people to see my true self, playful, goofy, fun yet fucking tough as shit and doesn't take shit from anyone. 

I'm serious about this and will die for it.

Consciousness is primary and foundational, it exists in a quantum field. this is made up of discrete particles in which everything is unified?

Reality. My dad is a pervert that sexually abused my sister and me. He lives in a fantasy reality that he cant see out of. I have these tendencies. I do not know who I am and i condemn others that are themselves because of this, my self hatred extends to them. 

Chris is not a good person and was having sex with my girlfiend behind my back. Given the chance he would do it again.

You accept him as a friend because you lack self respect

You accept abuse because you think you deserve it. You are the one that allows evil into the world, as a result cowardice is worse than evil, it is the cause of evil. If that doesnt scare you then i dont know what will

Thomas is a good person and I like him.

Jasmine and Chris would definitely have sex given the chance.

Harry thinks I am stupid and talking to me is his way of being an empathic person

Leo has some issues with not fitting in but once he gets accepted he wants to be the leader so he doesn't feel inferior.

The only thing I want to do is research on consciousness

I should keep learning buddhist philosophy 


from this day forward I vow to not gamble
to not purchase and consume animals - its ok if eating at someones house
to not drink alcohol
to not smoke a cigarette (apart from when i am drinking alcohol)
to not view porn
essentially to live acoording to buddhist rules. I am a practising buddhist, hindu, christian, daoist

what i am seeing around me is a projected model of the world. it is entirely generated in my mind. people appear based on my own concepts and notions about what a person like them should be like. not actual reality. actual reality is looking into the eyes of another and seeing their soul.

Im just reflecting on when i had money my thoughts were about it wasnt enough to live off forever thus i should invest it all, thus i invested 20k into the market at the top

now I have 3k 

what have i learned? DO NOT USE TWITTER 
do not listen to the opinions of other people or yourself even, you need to have a system.

Also just mentally when i had 30k i thought i needed more to pay back dad but this is liekly just justification of greed.. now i have nothing i cant pay him back anyway...

I have learned that the price of greed is having less. The fantasy that you can get more, the very drive is what keeps you chasing the carrot as its taken away from you.

Its a losing game.

05/03

intention: to understand the nature of consciousness

I think its more proactive to do somatic practises because ai will outclass intellectual, thus the quality of our awareness remains the most essential factor

Daily intention: to build a database framework for the library of sensors and modules for the bot

I had a mad dream last night but I didnt write it down. I have been boxing which is great i feel more confident already. i get hyper aroused after and so seems like a good time to work.

I am the guru. Any fooling of myself i do, any tricks or shortcuts i am deceiving the guru.

I would like a tantra master to guide me. my intention is to understand the nature of consciousness. To scientifically prove tibetan buddhism, kundalini yoga, tantra etc, to fully explore what is possible in this reality.

I am perfect pure consciousness. You are perfect pure consciousness.

I claim myself as pure consciousness. I claim you as pure consciousness.

06/03

Intention: to understand the nature of consciousness
Daily intention: To understand boxing footwork theory, its about generating momentum and then unleashing this on the opponent. Generating qi and then transferring it to the opponent

Sick boxing day today...

My next things to try are dancing and bon meditation

Shit I have realised that this is like a game. When you avoid an obstacle you do not get rid of it you just get more lost... the obstacle is the way.


07/03
intention: TO understand the nature of cosnciousness
Daily intention: to contonue work of trading app and to decide on buddhist path

dzogchen is about the non creation of samsara, resting in the pure ground from which images arise. We do not construct suffering any more. We do not construct, period. 

I have a vision of the future that involves either people moving online for everything or seeking out spiritual practise now they have more free time. Everyone will use ai agents probably. We will still get drunk etc

ego wants to be right
ego wants to be best
ego wants competition

just been working on project.

watched gay porn as i was doing some shadow stuff. forgot i was bisexual lol.
I find all sex hot really... i am attracted to men, guys, sexy shoulders and abs
i am attracted to women, nice asses, small waist
the men statement felt more real, perhaps i am gay

I am tired thats for sure

oh it doesnt feel good to be authentic. I am actually never authentic. thats why people dont like me lol. so simple, so hidden. because to realise i am not being authentic would mean i have to starrt being authentic...

08/03
intention: To understand the nature of consciousness
daily intention: to breathe and do the things i need to do. last night i confirmed to myself that i am gay. I found gay porn hot and chose it over straight or lesbain and thats cool! Thats progress. I allowed myself to release some of the feelings and thus the shadow work is working!.

Today the only things I must accomplish: 

- Laundry (most important) = perhaps do this in the evening and meditate while waiting for it
- Create the night routine doc as well as a ritual vow that I repeat every night. The vow must state its importance. it will be related to the notion of choice. I will create a sigil and empower it every night. This sigil will carry me to the true will, it will be empowered by every moment where I choose to do something in a situation where normally I feel like I couldn't choose.

- review the current code, go through it and try to understand it and implement testing, debugging etc
- CH IX.10: To understand is to believe; not to believe is not to understand.

Our ego can be reprogrammed with beliefs of our choosing and thus can manifest anything we desire


do shoal sigil method to find spiritual guru

09/03
intention: To explore the nature of consciousness
daily intention: To remain undistracted, To understand the code written so far for evolabz and to implement testing / logging functionality along with a dahsboard to review

10/03
intention: To explore the nature of consciousness
daily intention: To take it easy on myself and make it through :)

really fucking depressed today...

should i even do a masters? maybe Ill just focus on spiritual growth, a simple job, play the piano, get a dog. That sounds fucking good to me. The most important thing is not to change myself for anyone or any situation. That doesnt mean not being kind, not giving myself totally to another. It means that I accept myself and dont feel forced to act.

Facing this code is tough lol its so big and complex. letsdoit!!

OMG - our desire is literally endless. it will actually never be enough. spirituality is more true than science. devote yourself fully. 

like i am thirsty everyday, nothing will change this, its called being human, its not a problem, the problem comes from thinking the next thing will end it, so you keep the wheel turning, the wheel stops when you see that it will never stop.

Art and science are complementary and support eachother. The whole things is about integrating deeper with reality and expanding your expression in relationship to the other and life itself. Its about opening up completely to the energy that desire expression within you. so open and release it all no matter the content. each energy is a colour and you a re a rainbow, a vortex of life. accept it all and guide it as a magician. for how can you be a master sorcerer if you deny any aspect of source, your goal is to transmute it all in the service of god. m



11/03

Intention: To explore the nature of consciousness
Daily: To set the stage for dream journeying and exploring the unconscious

Update: I have lost all my money and injured my knee.

I really was starting to fall in love with boxing... really fucking annoying. I need to give it at least a few weeks or a month.


My new plan is to in the evening focus on mapping out my psyche and working with my power animal Tkashkor.

seriously man fuck this life shit..

FUCK THIS SHIT. I FUCKING HATE IT.

noe one gives af about what i do. idgaf about what anyone else does.

I could die tomorrow and nothing would change.

If i died today what would i actually care about? I would care about if I followed my heart in this life and did what i believed in. and what is that? that is living a simple life. a life full of love, expression, creation, joy, animals, care. no intellectual bullshit. just connection to my personal version of whatever this is and connection to your personal version of whatever this is.

The true temple resides in the arms
Look at the arms and dive inside them
Swim in veins, Pierce bone
Reveal the cathedral
Take refuge in the infinite chamber of the heart
This place is impossible to find
It only reveals itself once you are sufficiently broken
Its not a desire, like the desire to gain money
Greed may also be spiritual
Your desire for enlightenment is an ego driven goal
The refuge of the heart burns for those who are nothing
Warming their broken dirty toes and numbed screams
It melts away their unbearable pain and restores them

I literally just want a dog and to go to church. I want to experience the rain and the sun and the snow and the stars. To feel the pen on the paper and the soul rushing through to paint the page with its expression. 


12/03

intentions: to explore tha nature of consciousness
daily intention: to reside in the inner chamber

Im feeling my intention want to shift to exploring the nature of love. it feels more full. The feeling of not needing to know but bathing in knowingness. The feeling of desirelessness but having every need taken care of. The feeling of strict discipline, cutting through the chains that promise freedom. That prod you into constant chasing after something that only arises when you stop. The devil will convince you that you are not totally and utterly perfect right now. The devil will provide you with an escape from all your fears as long as you keep working. The devil burns in the chamber of the soul. He may not even approach the white palace without 1 million arrows of scorching love ignite his fiery chasm into pure aethr. 


*The white palace and the red lion.*

I have some desires:

- To explore my unconscious through dream work
	-shamanic journey
	-dream diary
- To reside in the inner chamber of love / the white palace
	-renunciation
- To embody the red lion / cut through unconscious blocks
	-action
- To develop my relationship with god through prayer and poetry, employing use ofharmony to express my soul
	-connection / channeling / expression
- To live according to my vows
	-the most important factor upon which everything rest, the guards at the white palace

create a theme for the white palace and explore it


13/03

Intention : to explore nature of consciousness
daily intention: idk

interesting to explore life through purely experience and not conceptual thought.
all conceptual thought is grounded in illusion because the basis of a concept requires other concepts. eg a stool, is used to sit down when eating at a table. its like a grand web of illusion. Whats the first concept, mother? father? happy sad? what is the ground of conceptual knowledge? i think its experience, you can change how you experience a stool. imagine if you create a stool figure and have sex and look at it every time. you may tap into that feeling when you look at a stool. this is how buddhism works. you take the buddha as a portal into that place within yourself. this is how symbolism works and hinduism. Hinduism has deities for different aspects of the self you can tap into. different energies you can call upon for different times in your life.

You are going to be looked upon as crazy in this shadow realm. Your job is to look at the light and blaze the goblets of fire that illuminate the white palace. Your role is to feed the red lion, to ride it into the depths of the forbidden forest and pierce the darkness within the darkness. The void. What happens when you go inside death?

we are embodied gods, creators. we are the same divine mind trying to recognise itself through different voices, stories. each one of us has a different journey to this. Toms is through max pain. Right to the bottom. Send me to the bottom and let me hold everybody up. Bring me to the most evil human and let me light his soul ablze with the mercy of the lord.

There is a consensus reality. This is what we need to change. Swing the pendulum by being radically yourself. 

The theurgist becomes empty so as to take the shape of the gods.

So much of life is lost in trying to understand it. So much is understood by living it.
\

\\\\\\ story checkpoint
-- 
Right now my work is multifaceted and lays in order of importance:

	 residing in the inner chamber of sincerety 
	studying and practising of platonism/tantra/dzogchen
	using ai to create 

My desires at this point are:

- To explore my unconscious through dream work
	-shamanic journey
	-dream diary
- To reside in the inner chamber of love / the white palace
	-renunciation
- To embody the red lion / cut through unconscious blocks
	-action
- To develop my relationship with god through prayer and poetry, employing use ofharmony to express my soul
	-connection / channeling / expression
- To live according to my vows
	-the most important factor upon which everything rest, the guards at the white palace

My purpose in life is to experience the transcendent and then transmit this through words. My purpose is to get you into a state where you can experience the divine





Cool things to do:

	Create a landscape in which I visit the white palace
	Shamanic drumming and hemi sync binaural beats
	The drumming is performed by a drummer within the white palace
	Study munroe hemi sync theory

	We could have an astral projection chamber that we go to when we wake up 
	Think of this palace as the intermediary realm between states where you can reside and decide on what to do - ie, lucid dream, astral project, visit or speak with people, sorta like DTrussel series


14/03

intention: to explore the nature of consciousness
daily: to surrender

let god flow through every single pore, 
as sweat gushes out in the heat of activity,
as when standing close to flames,
burn
scorch and writhe in the blistering heat
scream and give birth to your soul
reach your hand through the nylon
breathe unfiltered air
gaze upon the crystal
your will was never your own
it has always been god
so let go of it all and see what you really want

what is real is whats invariant in any reference frame

happiness = gratitude + truth

i mean that we usually are not grateful when we have no major problems, we kind of just exist, looking to fill our time, desiring things, getting them, desiring more things. what if we step off that chain and rejoice. what if we use a different model, in which we rejoice in the present with the love of god, feel love, express that love, commune with god again, feel the love, express the love. could it be so simple?

it seems we spend much of our life sleepwalking with moments of living. e.g. working and then at the weekend we will live for a few hours. this 'living' is in our connection to source and letting go of our roles for a second. we feel secure in this model beecause many of us are also in it and we get to scorn those who arent in it as being selfish or whatever, lucky, other, when the truth is it all comes down to choice. you c ould choose to be free but it means you have to give up things, your car, your house, drinking. therefore you cant complain because you always get to choose.

You know life is so simple but we always move the goalposts. e.g. if i had 1 million right now i would create more problems for myself by buying houses attending wealthy circles. if i had 1k then i would have no issues, my life is empty of everything except love. so this is where i am at. my every breathe is one of love for you my love. let my sound be infused with the taste of your loving. let my action be rhythmic, in step with the beating of your eternal heart. when i gaze upon the slender grass that protrudes from moist soil. it greets me with a wave. Pay it forward you exclaim, transmit my message to the neext in line.

Instead of trying to save the world. Ask yourself how can i bring joy to the people close to me. Instead of preventing suffering on a large scale, how can you prevent inflicting suffering on the people you are close to. You see in trying to save the world you neglect the ones close to you. By focusing on a grand vision, you trample on the villagers. Why do you need to change something. The land is already fertile. You do not need to build a new hotel on it. So, love the one you see. Do not make grandiose plans but instead offer gratitude for the chance to plant seeds of love infused with the genetic code of the creator.


I need to study karl fristons essays as well as tononi's 

10000000 million prayers is not worth 1 true prayer

the heart of spirituality is sacrifice, for you cannot gain without giving

15/03

intention - consc
di - survive

i have 1500k in the bank. this is enough to live for a bit 


we are actually making good progress:

to do:

Prototype 1 evolabz - btc 4hr

*library*
Foundation:
- ensure we have clean databases and know what data is being stored and graphed currently
- add macd and ensure multiple indicators functioning correctly + grafana
Testing:
	target specific regimes and backtest rsi and macd on them
	analyse results
	add more indicators and test - repeat until happy
Final:
	Clean database and run all the sensors one by one within certain parameters (rsi under 30 or macd cross)
	figure out a good way to systematically run strategies and combinations of sensors
	ensure we are storing useful data for hierarchical learning model

*Model*
now comes the fun bit, we have a database of backtested data ready to be interpreted by a ml model

notes for the real one - need to ensure we take multiple volume and price data and then combine, take avg of.

I want to learn harmonies


Current desires:

To produce beautiful piano and poetry to express my love. That is all. I dont need to know how it works.

Plan today-

work on script as much as possible
get sim and order piano + headphone 
Print off some sheet music and research papers?


16/03

intention: to explore nature of consciousness
daily: to explore harmony and work on code

Harmony can be defined as the natural state

Our brains are naturally harmonious

In music we are just creating disharmony in order to take the listener out of its natural harmony and lead them back to it. We do this be suprising the brain in interesting ways, we guide them and trick them into thinking one thing is going to happen and then going another way.

Ideal life for right now:

Simple source of income
Piano lessons
Boxing lessons
Live in the flow

Your masculinity = the extent to which you are honest with your feelings and your expression of them

outward


Your femininity = the extent to which you can understand the the feelings of another and how to reconcile your own feelings with them

inward


made a cool idea for harmony camp game but better. uses emotional state as the interaction

Imagine being able to "share" an emotional experience by recording its harmonic signature and then having someone else experience a musical piece that evokes that same harmonic pattern in their brain.

17/03
INTENTION: TO EXPLORE THE NATURE OF CONSCIOUSNESS
daily - to learn harmonic theory before getting keyboard

i dont give a fuck about anything except creating art and spirituality. i see where this is going. ai leads to novel insights about consciousness. we create it. we prioritise conscious evolution. there is a shift toward community and spiritual development, conscious co creation, harmony.

i want to understand plato's forms and see what sounds different geometries make and why

Plan now - musimathics, geometric understanding of harmony, 

18/03

intention - to explore the nature of cosnciousness
daily - to relax into harmony

if harmony is the natural state then why are you so stressed? you are creating dissonance

- "Pistis Sophia" (Gnostic text with profound geometric mysticism)
- "The Book of Abramelin"
- The Tibetan Book of the Dead" (vibrational transition manual)
- "Music and Consciousness" edited by David Hyatt
- 
Mathematical-Mystical Harmonics:

1. "Harmonies of Heaven and Earth" by Joscelyn Godwin
2. "The Dimensions of Paradise" by John Michell
3. "Sacred Number" by Miranda Lundy
4. "Geometry of Music" by Dmitri Tymoczko



Ok so where are we?

consciousness is an alive field of harmony

spiritual practise as harmonic alignment and a behavioural manual to manifest creation

magick as a handbook for creation

chakras as amplifiers for manifestation

art as channeling instead of creation


19/03

intention: to explore the nature of consciousness
daily: to improvise on piano, to build a harmonic visualiser to see the colours of chords etc, evening - read

oh shit we could have it analyse poetry as well somehow. 

Here are a few stellar live performances/albums that capture this beautifully:

- **Keith Jarrett – The Köln Concert (1975):** A legendary solo piano performance where Jarrett’s spontaneous journey feels like a deep meditation on a single theme, full of unexpected twists that always circle back to a core melodic idea.
- **Bill Evans – Sunday at the Village Vanguard (1961):** This live set showcases how subtle shifts and delicate interplay in a trio setting can transform a familiar melody into a profound, evolving conversation.
- **John Coltrane – Live Performances of A Love Supreme:** In various live renditions, Coltrane’s exploration of spirituality and musical motif takes you through intense improvisational landscapes before grounding you with the recurring theme.
- **Miles Davis – Live at the Plugged Nickel (1965):** With his second great quintet, Davis often ventured into bold improvisatory territories, at times deconstructing and reconstructing melodies in ways that feel both abstract and intimately connected to the original tune.
- **Thelonious Monk – Live at the It Club (1964):** Monk’s unique approach turns even simple melodies into playful, off-kilter journeys that reveal new aspects of the song every time.

Each of these recordings shows how jazz musicians can inhabit a small piece of the melody and expand upon it until the original theme emerges like a guiding light. It’s that blend of exploration and return that makes jazz so endlessly fascinating.

ok just checking in, my focus has shifted from algo to harmony. what we focus on we are more likely to manifest. so my goal now is toward harmony. i will try to get a decent version of the trading algo just to put on github. that can be my focus for a bit. just finish a version i can use for myself ...



20/03

Daily Intention: to explore natuer of cosnciousness
intetion: to be


need to get the vision of evolabz in my head - DONE, its good, dont give up

yes its important to be aware of the machine learning integration but we will ignore it for now. but we need to ensure modularity etc. for now our focus is on being able to add many sensors into a working strategy and being able to run the backtest, save all the key data in the database and visualise the performance and key metrics. we can build up a large collection of data this way ready to be able to categorise by modules. i want to ensure we do not miss anything out so we have to go back and edit all the sensor code. for example we need a way to optimise each sensors parameters or allow for the ml model to do this. how can we do this? perhaps we can just run the backtest with different parameters and the model can see for itself the performance? ooh also if we just run all the sensors for the whole of the backtest. the module can just grab the data from previous runs in certain defined windows, like if looking for trend reversals it takes trades from certain periods only. explore this approach. this means having a well defined schema for backtesting each signal a certain amount of times within parameters. e.g. rsi run at 100 parametere combinations between 0-30 and 70-100 in a way that covers most of the range in a way that provides sufficient data. explain all my points back to me

when you are depressed you dont care about the consequences you just want an escape from your emotions

stop cramming useless junk in your mind that only adds to a sense of superiority

just be and play

make a amnesia resistance doc - include that section from waterfall book, section from as it is, perhaps some dzogchen quotes and harmony theory
the way out of any strong depression that seems to grab you is to investigate teh quality of experience. ie bring awareness to it, this makes it come unstuck and it dissapates like fog.

imagine sensors as receptors (ears), modules as local interpreters (section of the brain), neural net as the nervous system interconnecting

in between project tomorrow is things to remember 


Current state of evolabz:

semi working backtesting agent - dont worry about specifics just that the sensors work
we have some hmm code to test out this will be the fun of the day
we have a vision that is achievable

difficulties: not getting carried away. probably worth spending some time to ensure the code for the backtesting is robust and self contained, perhaps we could push it to git. yes. well lets do the hmm and see how that goes, then we can revisit the backtest with more info on what would be good to integrate. then ideally we integrate them both and then generate some code that simulates thousands of backtests - actually i suppose is probably better keeping it small for now and then trying to integrate the hnn after that. should be enough for the next 10 days!


21/03

intention - consciousness
daily - to continue

im gay but i dont want to be, every feeling of attraction to men that arises stirs my self hatred. attraction has become a tormenting demon that instead of lighting me up burns me

its ok to be depressed and not know whats going on
its ok to die and leave no impact on the world
people die everyday, do they have souls
people are raped and trafficked every day, is this their karma?
some people dont get the chance to say I love you
and my greed pushes me further making me believe i have nothing
like the king believes he is poor, while sitting on his golden throne


22/03
intention: exploore nature of consciouss
daily - dk


imagine knowing something so deeply, you can sit down at your instrument and allow it to flow out of you like an old instrument


23/03

intention: exploore nature of consciousness
daily - to work on algo

8 days before musical immersion

to do now - get this section of thing done then start applying

the body generates desires, most of them can be ignored

life is painful, imagine a flower
birthed from seed, it gasps for air, grasping in darkness
some never find their way
some do
they push on through to the other side
and erupt into the fresh expanse with melody and colour
they swing with wind, frolicking in sunlight
they start to grow petals as they establish themselves 
they transcend their previous states constantly
until they have a whole ecosystem
this ecosystem then ensures its demise
as it withers and dies
on to the next
you see just as we think this is the start of a new regime its actually the end 
we have peaked when we think this is only the beginning
because we have the wrong perspective

we have ae4 and ae5 to implement tomorrow.

25/03

im not in control here

my one goal is to keep my channel to the divine open

i realised im so focused on myself and not others which is why i suffer haah

idea for backtester - we download a bunch of parameters for working strategies ready to test it on

no melody music would be cool


I went to smoke a cigarette and sat next to a hottie, didnt even look at her, kept my headphones on and sat there rudely ignoring her making things weird lol 


ok we need to really simplify. lets start again. im not joking.


implement the full 4hr first so we can understand the whole process better

27/03

'my experience is the reason i suffer'

there is an assumption there 

i am in pain, mentally and physically but i am alive

what is the point in my existance? nothing

what is there to do? whatever

yet i will still give the fake smile to the person i see not because i want to but becasue thats 'who i am' thats the habit pattern, i exist as the pleasant boy who is innocent and kinda dumb but trying his best. but he has a dark side. he holds heavy sadness, he is just trying to help but he cant let himself feel and express his own pain, hes disconnected from his true self. it died a while ago. now driven by the desire to be perfect, right, accepted, in a constant state of stress he moves in a world that he feels victimises him, but that is only rooted in how he thinks he should be perceived. he compares himself to geniuses when he is a fearful autistic manchild, gambling, avoiding responsibility and any form of human interaction. the only reason he hasnt killed himself is because he cant.

he secretely believes he is smart. he does not express himself fully because he is afraid that if he does then he has to face the reality that he is not that smart. that he has a learning disability. that he puts strain on the people that love him. is it really so suprising that the negative feedback from most people could actually be accurate and not a result of them not getting it. SPirituality has been a perfect bypassing mechansim serving as valid reason for disconnection. a way to shield the actual truth that i am gay? fuck knows iv been in this mindfuck for years now.

each shor adds to tb. van query the data with live llm


31/03


there is no self. there is the collective unconscious and then archetypes that we project based on common understandings and images imprinted by society and media. THERE IS NO SELF or OTHER



1/04

Plan for books:

scrape number of different sites on scheduled scrapers feeding into 1 database storing URL title, publisher, dates etc

produce report scripts

have function that can 

