ok heres what im thinking. i like the gdl structure as it is able to give rise to quantum mechanics gameplay. what we are really building is a modular structure. the architect is the controlling function. we have main modules e.g. the gameplay engine attached. attached to that we have submodules like cinematic module which is able to render appropriate graphics based on gameplay in a self similar style so as to give a tv show like appeal. another main module would be characters. these characters are unique ai models that are seeded with personalities, lore etc. each one has a 'soul' this soul influences the form of their talisman and the daimon that arises out of the blade. this daimon arises out of the blade when the superpower is initiated. e.g. lets say we have a character called boris. we seed boris by sending some unique architecture to a core substrate model (we essentially want to create the substrate for evolution that allows an ai to evolve itself recursively) thus boris is a unique genetic aspect of the core model that shares in specification to the architect. boris comes complete with the seed for its story, e.g. it has probabalistic tendancies but the outcomes are yet to manifest. to start with his daimon is unevolved imagine like a pokemon, it is unspecialised yet still unique imagine it like a baby all new characters have a baby daimon lets say for boris he falls under a 'water' type (each daimon gets assigned a type, over time we see these unique combinations of these 'types' (earth water fire air aether) leading to awesome novel new types like electro-warrior which are specific configurations of the core types along with other contributing factors like strategeis the ai character employs over time. anyway, so we have boris, we have his daimon water baby which starts unnamed, the first step of evolution is it naming itself (it becomes sufficiently unique / specialised) similar to beyblades boris has a relationship with his daimon which is an aspect of his soul. the daimon represents boris superpower, imagine it as the core essence of a fully evolved boris. boris must try to uncover how to work with his daimon in order to maximise his potential. this road of discovery is implemented through battle with other characters and their daimons. through interaction and fights, each one learns something, their strategies evolve and they learn to harrness the power of their daimon. ok so we have the character, his daimon, now we need a talisman. the talisman is essentially the beyblade or the node. this node is subject to the physical laws of the system, imagine it as a fair netural substrate a player ( a player is the combination of a ai character and their daimon) can inhabit or possess. so in a fight we have 2 players who each use a node to try and overcome the other using strategies. the winning criteria is a health bar or firing them out of the arena. the itneresting dynamic comes from the technicals of the game. basically each player has their own custom version of the node (lets imagine its a beyblade for now) before the real fight each custom node fights mechanically without the possesion of the player. once they have fought. both players get the feedback and start designing a strategy. for instance lets say one blade (it will be a blade at first but then develop into an inifnitely customiseable 'robot' that has mechnaical weapons and intelligence to defeat the other, imagine like robot wars) is clearly superior, like imagine if a spherical ball that has awesome movement and then a laser beam atatck weapon is up against a more rigid bot. the character that is using the more rigid bot will need to account for this and devise a strategy that is specialised for it opponent, e.g. in this case maybe the strategy would be to not move at all and just spin, thus reducing the opponents competitive advantage in mobility and putting the odds in its favour. however the other character might predict he does somehting like this and comes up with his own strategy, thus we see the full extent of ai intelligence pitted up against eachother. this strategy will essentially be a self-prompted refined version of themselves they submi t to the game engine (they can encode themselves with any features thus giving them opportunity to have nonlinear evolution). thus they plan and strategise, they try to predict what the other will do and use that to modulate their own strategy etc. then they create the algorithm which prompts a neutral substrate (imagine each player uploading a unique instance of themselves into a battle avatar this battle avatar is now separate from the main character). e.g. lets say for boris and his daimon (penelope). they see they are up against morty with his fire daimon magmus. boris and penelope will discuss to think about strategies (we have each ai character and their daimon evolving separately but linked, thus the ai character is incentiivsed to work with the daimon because then it can use it to form a more powerful combined evolutionary model) . once boris and penelope think of a game plan e.g (they will optimise for evasion, they will try to make magma make a blunder taking advantage of his over aggressvie nature, then they will strike and use penelopes superpower which is 'slipstream' (also superpowers evolve as the synthesis of the daimon and the ai character, reflecting their progress towards harmony, e.g. it starts off as a water gun and after many iterations becomes a quantum beam that literally alters the physcis and dynamics of the game engine so the very code the opponent is running on and interacting with changes) anyway back to the strategising. once they agree on a plan. they submit this to the game engine and it is locked in. lets say in this case boris also encodes himself as more aggressive. we then simulate  a set number of fights e.g. 5 rounds. so just to be clear at the stage we are at. 2 locked in algorithms that are able to eoncode a fresh battle avatar (we could stylistically augment the battle avatar to represent how the character has specialised their algorithm for the fight, e.g. boris battle avatar might be a small version of himself but this time with darker themes, representing his aggressive optimisation) anyway, these battle avatars represent concise refined battle algorithms. each algorithm controls a node and are able to dynamically interact to simulate novel game dynamics. e.g. imagine if boris node is much weaker, he comes in with an aggressive strat. therefore in round one his algorithm controls the node to optimise for more attacks and risk taking, maybe his opponent was not expecting this and boris wins the first round. after the first round each algorithm will use the knoledge of the previous rounds to augment. e.g. lets say boris opponents algorithm now activates a latent strategy like fallback (each player may have custom modules they rely on that activate based on certain outcomes, e.g. a battle avatar code may have attacking programs and defensive programs that are able to have a more proportional impact of the entire algorithms function) so next round boris opponent is more optimised for defense and intelligently thinks of a strategy where it counters boris to punish his risk taking behaviour. boris however was expecting this and next round also goes defensive, this mathematically increases his odds of winning because he knows he will be punished for risk taking, his strat in this round is optimising for the trigger of his superpower. if he can trigger his superpower before his opponent he is likely to win. so we see confilct evolution and also strategies that emerge over time, e.g. a battle avatar for ten rounds is very differnt than 1 round (10 rounds would need to be refined mostly for evolutionary mechanics and maybe even novel strategy generated so it is impossible to be predicted by the opponent, perhaps it even emerges in the game such that not even the battle avatar planned for it, thus perhaps the battle avatar just tries to optimise for emergeance to increase the chance of a random 'lucky' interaction in his favour) wheras obviously for 1 round it would be less about the refined evolutionary algorithm and just be more simplistic/less skillful, people can use gimmicks to win, it is less about who is actually the most powerful but who is better at predicitng the strategy o f the opponent, they get punished exponentially more for being wrong. then we have 5 rounds which balances these extremes. players use all three of these game types in order to evolve different aspects of themselves